Wrong number
Hey Crissy, doing pretty well here with Jennings Energy Services. Running sales for our pipeline and facility division. Not sure a move to pump Tex would do me any good. Thank you for passing it my way.
Hi Stephanie. I did not receive any emails from you. I looked up Account Sense & see you are in Kennewick. We moved from the TC to Tucson 5 years ago. Please remove me from your email & text list. Did you find my resume on a website?
No thanks
Hi Crissy. Thank you for reaching out. At this time it does not seem like the position fits my next career move as I prefer to stay in management. Thank you again for the consideration.
My family member who had a little health scare this morning has to have some tests ran today at the hospital today. So if possible do you have time tomorrow morning. I just don't want to take up your slot at 3:30 and then I cannot talk because I'm at the hospital. Again, my apologies for today.
Great!
I would like to know more, can we talk?
Crissy I never saw. Was it sent to tcbault@yahoo ?
Good morning Crissy. I am interested in learning more about this position available with Pumptex, although unfortunately I have limited time today. May I request a call about this opportunity tomorrow morning?
What is this about
Hello Crissy, Thank you for reaching out. The position looks interesting. I would most definitely be interested in knowing more about this opportunity. Please feel free to reach out by phone to set up the next step of interest. Thank you again. Wishing you a great day! Best, Olinda Ramirez 210-269-9077
I can do tomorrow from 10:30-11 am.
Crissy I never received email and I was looking for it. trfoz0321@Gmail.com
I didn't get the email.
No thanks Good where I'm at.
Talk to you then! Have a great afternoon 😊
Haven't gotten any email
No thanks
I think it went well!
Hey! Didn't realize you texted me I just sent you an email
Unsubscribe. 😡
Who is this?
Wrong person.
Hi Chrissy this isn't Jeremy's number anymore. Thanks
Good morning! I have no interest in sales at this time. Thank you. Have a great day.
Thanks for your time as well Crissy!
Tammy Buckley https://www.linkedin.com/in/tammy-buckley-3653921b
Rob Jones Mobile (707) 490-7397 https://www.linkedin.com/in/robjonesoracle
Yes, I'm not interested. Thanks
Np
Okay cool! I don't know much about fantasy draft leagues but I don't mind learning more about what you are looking for. My day is full today but I may have some time tomorrow to chat.
Interesting. I'll take a look. Thank you
Hey a im in maryland
Sure tomorrow at 2:30pm looking forword
Oh ok, how did you get my contact info and know my name? Just wondering
No I hadn't received it. Did we already connect on Linked in? Company name?
Good morning. Yes I did. Thank you but at this time I am not interested
??
Thanks
No
Hi, who is this, I'm sorry
That works! My apologies for any inconvenience I may have caused and thank you.
Stop
Sorry currently working
Wrong number
Yes
Yes resend them
Im sorry I think you have the wrong number
Hi Crissy. Thanks for your message. Is this a comission only position?
No, haven't received them
Not interested Thanks
I think you have the wrong number
Hi Crissy, thank you but I'm going to have to pass.
Please stop contacting me thank you
I am not sure who this is*
Sorry. I'm not interested.
I am not who this is
Please take my number of your list. I have not given permission to anyone to text me unsolicited
Wrong number
Not interested
I don't know, from which company were the emails sent?
I'm not kimberly
Im Not interested. Thank you
Yes I️ have. But I️ live in broward, Miami is too far for me.
You can call me at 12 today
Is there any possibility of pushing today's call back a few hours? I've been dealing with a little bit of a family emergency this morning. I would like to make sure I have the 15 minutes you need to talk. My apologies for the late notice and inconvenience.
I'm not really interested in general maintenance. I'm working on getting my refrigeration license
B-) Congrats! Paul, Up to 1500 LOAN. ALL CREDIT OK Visit - https://QuickCashOnline.me/pdzxYD Txt STOP to stop
I'm not Vincente
Thanks!
Wrong person
Not interested
Good morning ,I haven't got any message
Can you email me about the job to see if I'm qualified? Arrlebron@yahoo.com
You can contact me at arw523@comcast.net. thanks!
Who is this?
Ok, nice meeting you vicki, i would like if you give me a call
No thank you. I don't know anything about this.
Ok
Yes I am currently working Tho
No who's this?
??
May know whom im speaking with please?
Sorry, who is this?
So no, I did not.
Whonis that?
Not sure where this is or who this is?
Fair enough. Enjoy your day! :)
No
No
No I didn't. That being said I'm not looking to a maintenance tech job
Paul: Today, all credit types accepted. Request loan at Lend52.com/go/?v1=g9IL4s5H for up to $1,000. Log in now. Txt STOP to stop
Have you shown you anything? Or discussed anything with you?
Yes. That will be fine.
Wrong number
Stephanie, I used Senske services on my lot in West Richland for a season. Unfortunately I had to replace a huge part of grass ruined. I didn't involve you since I took the opportunity to add more soil to even out the lawn. Now am gun shy.
Didn't get the email
So that I can prepare can you give me your company url?
I am free after 10am 4089813140
Sorry I am not available
I will be available tomorrow after my first appointment from 9:30 to 1:00 if you would like to call Thanks Jeanie
Hi! I'm not a designer tho.
Wrong number
I'm sorry, I just noticed this text. Who am I talking to here? Are you scheduling phone iterviews or in person? What is the salary, hours/days? Benefits? I am only an LPC, I hope to pass the LCPC exam in December.
Hi Anna, have we spoken in the past? Apologies if I don't remember having have met. Can you tell me a little more about Draft Kings?
Hi Anna, I am a mechanical/CAD designer. I don't think that is what you are seeking?
Which Vicki is this?
Hello Amana. I keep getting a busy signal when I try and call you.
Hey Vicki - thank you for the consideration but I am not interested in the position available. Good luck in your search!
Sure when were you thinking?
Hi Anna! Thank you for considering me, but I'm not interested in relocating. Good luck with your search.
No thank you
Yes I did. Thanks for sending and interest but I'm not interested. Good luck.
@kingbabystudio: Check out our new pieces from the Chrysoprase collection!!! https://t.co/vc8mAlDvoU #KingBaby #HandCrafted #ForTheChosenFew #Quality #Jewe...
Can we chat when I get back. The week of the 27th works for me
Hi Anna, I'm so sorry this is the first message I'm seeing. I'd absolutely be interested in connecting to chat however I'm on vacation for 2 weeks
I am not sure you email me the info yet since I didnt get it. Please kindly email me again at your convenience. Thanks!
Hey Crissy I'm in Indianapolis no longer in florida
I'm thinking about it. I work very closely with Investors Title currently and someone had already mentioned that position to me.
Hi, thanks for reaching out, but I am currently in the middle of some project so can't apply for now. Hope you can find a good fit, thanks again
Thanks for reaching out Anna, I don't think i'm a good fit for this job. Thanks!
Yeah
But be good to stay in touch.
I am not looking right now.
Yup! That works
How are you?
Does tomorrow or Wednesday at 11:30am, or Friday at 1pm work for you?
Amy
8:30
Can we move to tomorrow
Perfect
Oh no thank you!
Hi! So sorry but who is this?
5 minutes?
I am super excited about this opportunity. Getting anxious lol
Thank you! You as well!
Perfect!
Crissy-do you have some time to talk now?
Todays meeting will probably last a few hours, I'd say. Tomorrow would definitely work better, if that works for you. I am open pretty much all day. So any time after 9 a.m would work great!
Hannah- my apologies, just saw your email and vm. I'm open to new opportunities but have relocated back to Denver. That may change things so please let me know
Hannah- my apologies, just saw your email and vm. I'm open to new opportunities but have relocated back to Denver. That may change things so please let me know
Thank you for reaching out to me and I am definitely interested in discussing this role. I am getting ready to walk into a meeting right now though. Is there any way we can schedule a different time to discuss this role further?
Sorry, you've got the wrong number. This is not Christina.
Thanks Crissy! I am currently on a client visit/ I can check out the JD afterwords and if it's a good fit give you a call tonight.
Hi - who is this?
Hey, sorry who is this?
Hi I'm not sure who this is or what role this is regarding.
Thanks. Not interested at this time
Im sorry, who is this?
Here is the LinkedIn info for Doug Drazin. He has a sport background and great UX experience. I think he'd be a great fit for you to talk to. https://www.linkedin.com/in/dldrazin
Hi, Anna. Thanks for reaching out. But I'm not considering relocation at the moment.
What company? Where is the office located?
Sorry no Kimberly here...wrong #
Who gave you this number?
Hi Anna, thank you but I am not interested at this time.
Always open to hear someone out. I'm sorry, can I ask who this is?
What position is this ?
I have no idea who this is or what you're referring to. However, at this point in time, I'm not interested in new opportunities. Thanks.
Hi Anna, thanks for reaching out but i am not interested in the position.
I dont have this number. May I ask who this is?
Who is this?
Hi! Who is this? I'm sorry i just got a new phone last week
I'm not interested in a transition. Who is this
Who is this?
Sorry Anna, unfortunately I am not interested in any positions that require relocation from the West coast at this time. Thank you for your interest.
Hi Anna! Sorry, I'm not looking for any new opportunities at the moment. I will let you know if something changes.
I'm sorry but I think you have the wrong number
Sounds great! Thank you
Hi Amanda I should be free today after 5:30
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number
Hi Anna, thank you for your message. I'm not a very sports-oriented person so I doubt I'd be a fit for this position, but I'd be happy to put you in touch with other UX talent that I know may be a better fit. Best, Melissa
I think you have the wrong number!
Not that I am aware of
Awesome.... I will follow up today
Hi Amanda. Thanks so much for following up. Unfortunately, I don't think that I would be a strong fit for the position. I currently work for a brand in the Health and Wellness space, which is an area I'm passionate about both personally and professionally. I wish you all the best in your search to fill the position.
I think you have the wrong number.
Hi Anna, I think you may have entered the wrong phone number, I am the Service Manager at TEC Equipment at La Mirada
I think you have the wrong number
125,000 but I said I was open for discussion that is what I am currently making
Sorry you have the wrong number
I will search more tonight and report on my findings. Thank you.
Hi there! I'm currently not looking into other opportunities, but feel free to keep me in the pipeline and reach out from time to time.
Wrong number
Hi Anna, thanks for texting me. How about in 1.45pm PST? (In 25 minutes)
I think you have the wrong person.
Sorry, I'm not interested. Also I'm a vegetarian. I like to get behind brands that I personally enjoyed myself as well.
I would not qualify myself as a senior tax accountant. My tax experience is minimal.
Hi Amanda, I was going reach out to you today. Steve sent me an email that they want to fly me out to New Orleans. He asked my salary requirements and I haven't heard back. He emailed me late Wednesday night. Do you think it is ok if I follow up with him? Have you heard anything?
Ah I see, sorry to say I've accepted a role already but will be definitely open to future prospects if available!
Ok no thanks only looking to change jobs if I can do it from tahoe. Thank you.
Not interested delete my number.
The pay plan is not great it's good for a nubi
Hi Anna, I really prefer to do these types of communications via email until I know that I’m serious about exploring an opportunity. Please send job description/info to lburr322@gmail.com. I can review and if I’m interested we can set up a time to chat
Thanks
Can you send over a calendar invite with the number I need to call in tomorrow. Thank you!
Not interested thank you.
May I know who is the employer?
anytime
That would work
Crissy, I appreciate the interest. I reviewed the position that you are looking to fill and it is not a fit for me.
Look forward to it. Talk you soon. Have a great evening.
Sure!
That works for me
Thanks for reaching out, but I'm not looking at the moment. I'm very content working for Verizon.
I will open tomorrow any time after 12.
Hello, thank you for your follow up and interest in my work. Unfortunately I do no have interest in moving to Boston where to position would seemingly need filled. Thank you for your time!
I'm sorry I haven't gotten back in touch with you today. I have been busy with appointments and conference calls all day. I'm actually one one right now that will last until 5pm.
Yes
Hi Amanda, just tried you. Is now still a good time?
Perfect. Thank you very much
Please consider my candidate i manhattan area.
Thank you for the link. I'm interested but I'm looking something close to the manhattan. I don't have car to drive there
Thanks! And yes, I can do anytime after 1pm
Thank you. I am not interested at this time
Is this a remote position?
Sorry not interested, pls don't text
Just let me know I will make myself available
Awesome! Thanks!
Is it ok if I save your direct line number?
Thanks for reaching out however, the timing is not good for me.
I recently spoke with HR from OnPoint and they said they do their own recruiting and that they did receive my resume and will call me if they're interested in doing an interview. I'm going to wait for that call thank you for your time.
I dont sorry
yes
I'm not interested. Thank you.
Thx
I'm sorry, how do you have this number?
This is inappropriate I did not give you my number or permission to contact me nor did I receive an email about draft kings. Stop messaging me.
Hi Anna, I am from California and won't be able to relocated to Boston. Sorry
Hey, Vicki, May you send it again to yuxinhe2016@gmail.com?
I don't know what Happie is. Are you a recruiter?
I will be sure to dial in this time.
Thanks for reaching out but not interested
1:30 would be great tomorrow! Thank you!
Not interested thanks
Hey Anna, thanks but not interested.
Hi Anna, thanks for reaching out but I'm not looking to make a change at this time
I know Gabriel tks
Sorry but you must have the wrong number
Awesome!Ok!
Alright, well I apologize I was unaware of that. I thought he was going to call me because that's how all of our conversations went. Is there a way to reschedule this so I can still connect with Trent?
No prob.
Sure. I can do tomorrow 12:15pm
cwillustration@yahoo.com, I haven't used that address in over 10 years. Please let me know where you found that address so I can update it, thank you.
Thank you so much Amanda, I appreciate it. I'll look into further detail on the link you sent me.
Huh, wonder why that is...
Was this number on her profile?
Please email to me
Got it. Thanks!
No I haven't received any emails. I'm sorry opportunity with Account Sense?
Hi there. I did get a couple emails. I just started a position with my family's business and not interested in another position. Good luck with your search.
You bet! I've got a lot of respect for Jennifer and her crew, they're a great firm.
,,,,,, z,z ,, css z , ,, z , ,,x,, , , a. ,,, , ,, , z. ,, ,
Good afternoon Amanda. I haven't received an email yet; which account did you send it to? Thank you for contacting me.
Can I call you?
Yeah, I'll talk to her about it. Just out of curiosity, how did you get this number?
Yes
Hello?
No problem, Thank you
I currently work M-F 8-4, however, I can make arrangements in order to meet with you.
Hi Vicki, I can do 10 AM on Wed. Thank You Kind Regards, Rich G
I will send my resume tonight.
Yes it does. I have 21 years in. Thank you
Hey Stephanie, I did not receive any emails from you. Would you be willing to send to bennipper11@gmail.com?
No I wasn't aware
Great. So whats next?
Hi Vicki, Can we speak tomorrow? Please tell me a time and I will confirm. Kind Regards,Rich G
Hi Stephanie. I've gotten them. 3 year senior position isn't for me, I've got 25 years of experience. But...Jennifer and I know each other and we've discussed my current situation, we've agreed to stay in touch.
Thank you, Chad. I will set up a time to talk with you soon.
No worries! Thank you
10:30 works great!
Amanda who? And i have no received anything yet.
I did thanks! Not really looking for fulltime work. Thanks again!
Hi Stephanie, I'm confused about your text. I do work at Account Sense.
At this time, I am not seeking employment. I work at the health district in finance. Thanks so much for reaching out! I really appreciate it. Again, I'm sorry for the communication and the response time.
I'm sorry, this is Karen's Husband's phone. To which service are you referring?
Just thought I should let you know
I'm sorry you must have texted the wrong number no worries
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Good morning. Yes, I had responded to the second one. I know my iPhone network has been having issues as of late so it must not have gone through.
Thanks not interested
Sure by tomorrow I Should be feeling human and I only work until two
Amanda from?
Hello I am I'm sorry I came down with the flu and have been out of commission for several days!
I think I could do a quick 7:15 call
Hi. I did some thinking and given my current benefits and rate of pay it would not be a good transition for me at this time. Thank you for reaching out to me.
Who is this? No I don't see it.
Sounds good! Talk you then
Can you tell me the email address please?
This is Spam. I will block your phone
This spam
Request today a loan of up to 1,000. Bad credit OK. Fast Approval - Click here: http://cass.sh/9JgrFAA Reply STOP to stop SMS.
Hi Crissy, yes I replied. Where is the position located?
Yes
No thank you. I am enjoying private practice at this time. Thank you for reaching out and thinking that I would be a good fit for this company. It looks like they do great work.
Hey Amanda It's Angie no I have not received the emails. This is now my daughters phone. My new number is 732 925 4606. And the best email for me is agreenehick@gmail.com
No I am not. Thank you
Hi Amanda. Thanks for reaching out! I'm available today at or after 1:30pm. Let me know if that works
What company are you with?
I'm not interested at the moment
Hi Vicki, thanks for getting back to me. Yes, I'd love to learn more about this opportunity.
we can discuss. What is your email address?
Hi Chad, This opportunity looks very interesting. I definitely have the management and real estate secured lending experience. I can send you my resume and
Name of company? Or agency
I never received a call, just the moved time
Sure- thanks for being in touch.
Were are you from?
Yes
There is no Vicki at this number.
Wonderful! Thank you. I will take a look during my break and get back to you after if that works.
Hello Amanda, I haven't received it yet
Sorry I think you might have the wrong number?
Sorry to berate you with questions, what company is the content marketing manager position for?
You can email me at anthonyv.castellano@icloud.com
Thank you! I'm going to have to find and replace that email. It is no longer active. You can send me the link with more info via text.
Amanda who?
Ok
Hi Amanda. Is this regarding Porky's?
Or know who this is
Got it. Just out of curiosity where did you find that particular email?
This is the role in Piscataway? I can chat. I'm pretty booked this week, I'm available tomorrow at 10am. Does that work?
I will be in the car driving so I can be reached between 10 and 2. How about 11
No thank you not interested
You have the wrong number
Oh ....gotcha. How about 11:30 then?
Amanda who?
I did not receive an email. Please resend to info@smekdigital.com
You have the wrong person
I see, if that's the case I may not be the right candidate for this role, however I'd love to be considered for other opportunities located in NYC that you might be able to recommend
Wrong number
Hi Vicki- what company do you represent and what jobs are you referring to?
Hey Vicki, Thank you for reaching out. I would love to discuss this role with you. But before that, do you folks sponsor a visa? Currently, I am on a f1 cpt visa and looking for the opportunities that can sponsor. Please let me know your thoughts! - Niharika
I'm confused? OnPoint is local Pacific time?
Hello Vicki - I hope all is well. I have not received your emails.
Thanks - pass
Why would I be contacting you Eastern Time?
I'm sorry I don't see any emails
What is this web site?
Hi Amanda. I am not a graphic designer. Thanks though
Wrong number
Thanks! Would the position be located in Piscataway or is there an opportunity to work remotely?
Can I ask which position it was? I've applied for a few over the pa@s@t@ @m@o@n@t@h@.@ ?=?
Who are you trying to reach?
Hawkins?
Lopez?
Weinberger?
Hi, I do, are you available around 11am? I'm just leaving to help a girlfriend out.
Vogel?
Hi. Amanda who? I haven't received any emails regarding that - what email do you have
Hi there, no I did not.
I think you may have the wrong number. Who are you trying to reach?
No I don't think so
Which Amanda?
Hi Vicki! I'm so sorry, I didn't! My email is brookebdavis@gmail.com if you want to resend. Thank you, Brooke
I'm really sorry. Where did you send these to?
Please stop
Thank you. I'm not really looking for another job opportunity right now
Thank you for reaching out!
No I didn't
I think you have the wrong number.
Yes. Do you recall my reply?
No, thank you!
Hi sorry I'm not in graphics
Hi, I haven't. However that's not a position I am interested in. It's too far away from my skill set and would set my career backwards.
Hi Vicki, I'm sorry I don't believe I've received any of your emails. Could you provide more info about the opportunity?
Hi there! I don't believe so... would you mind resending? My email is dervela.obrien@gmail.com
Oh ok. Yes, that's not my current email address at the moment. It's gvargas34@gmail.com. If you send me an email there, I'd be happy to send you an updated resume and see if we can discuss the position further.
I'll have time today after 5 or tomorrow morning before 9
Hey Vicki! No, just double checked and I have not received any emails - confirming you have j.duggira@gmail.com?
Hey I haven't, also which Vicki is this again?
I can do it today or tomorrow. I will be out of pocket from about 1 on Tuesday until noon on Thursday
Thank you for reaching out!
Hi Vicki. I am currently happily employed, but thanks for thinking of me.
Hi Amanda. I am interested in this position. Can I send you my resume?
This is Vicki who?
Hi.. would you please please resend one of my girls is on the lookout
No I have not, where are you messaging me from?
Hi Vicky. Thank you for reaching out, I apologize, however, it seems I haven't received any emails from you regarding this position. Should it be convenient, would you be able to send more info about the position? My email address is katelynnluczkow@gmail.com
Hi Vicki. No, sorry, I haven't received any emails. What email address did you send it to?
Hi Vicky. I believe I did. I wasn't sure if it was real. I am in the process of working on my own business for social media marketing at this time. It is called MorningBird Media.
Hi Vicki - I did but I'm not sure how you got my information
Hey Vicki no which opportunity? What email address did u send it to?
Crissy? From where? And to what email? Sorry and thanks
Who is this? Crissy from where?
Great weekend !!Yes the talk went well!!
Hi. I have not. I only handle my existing book, write only referrals because I manage my properties. I'm sure you're looking for full time producer.
Do I know you, Crissy?
Take me off ur list
I did a, I was going to reach out to you and get more information about it.
Let me send them a message
I'm currently not interested but thank you.
Hi Crissy! I didn't see it, but let me ask my assistant.. I have like 5 ppl checking my emails
yes I just did. However I'm in training until Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day CST
Nope
I live in Boca,Miami too far
Yes I'm available Weds - Fri anytime
christyredfern@gmail.com
🍃🌺🍃Hay Vicki ,wrong #...🍃🌺🍃
I'm not a plumber and dont know any sorry
Vicki who?
I will send to you shortly. Thanks!
Chad thank you for thinking of me as possible candidate for this opportunity. Unfortunately I am not looking to change job at this time.
Laura, I will review and call you this week
Thanks, I will submit my application! Additionally, please let me know if any other commercial real estate positions come across your desk. Thanks!
Sure
Any idea about the salary range?
I'm sorry. I did not receive your email. Try franhile@gmail.com
Who is this again?
Good Morning, it's bethmclemore1@gmail.com. Thanks
Please do. Thank you
Ok. Thanks. (sent with Gentle Effect)
Ok. That's great. Can you send me the link, and I will call you later today Vicki. Thanks. Ken
Sounds interesting. I don't believe this is the right fit for myself. Good luck.
No , I am a security engineer
?= Hey Paul ?= Here is Your Link - https://Money2.me/vEzcYD . UP TO 1500 LOAN. ANY SCORE Txt STOP to stop
Ok thanks
Good morning Crissy.
Yes I will be available
Or in the next two hours
I'm available now
Chad, no I did not receive anything from you. What company do you work for?
I have no idea what role you're asking about, or where it's located.
Raul Felipe: Stopped sharing.
See where I am with Uber: https://trip-dc2.uber.com/fGzycCTFVa-
Raul Felipe: Stopped sharing.
See where I am with Uber: https://trip-dc2.uber.com/U0bT5O_Ymw4
Raul Felipe: Stopped sharing.
See where I am with Uber: https://trip-dc2.uber.com/tq2wpIoroRL
Raul Felipe: Stopped sharing.
Hey Vicki, I'm sorry this is late notice but is there any way I could reschedule my interview that is tomorrow? I've been sick all weekend (not sure if I have strep throat) and I just don't feel like I would be my best self if I had the interview tomorrow. I'm really sorry!!
See where I am with Uber: https://trip-dc2.uber.com/Zzw0D6SdVLs
Sorry. No, I just launched my own business 😊
Thanks for the email. Unfortunately, I am not inclined to pursue this opportunity further.
I don't believe I have received your email. Would it have come through LinkedIn
Raul Felipe: Stopped sharing.
See where I am with Uber: https://trip-dc2.uber.com/UNSgNNSW6PW
Hi Crissy, I did, just saw your text. Thank you for the kind words. Can you call me Monday afternoon after 3:30?
@kingbabystudio: Forged and crafted in the fire. https://t.co/nJbUAEU9LT #KingBaby #KingBabyjewelry #KingBabybrand #ForTheChosenFew #SterlingSilver #HandC...
Hi. No I didn't. Is it still open?
Not sure I received it. What email was it sent to
Hi, I didn't see it. Can you resend? Thanks.
Yes I did. It seems this position would require extensive travel. If so, I would not be interested in pursuing the opportunity. Thanks, Stefanie Bogetto
No I did not receive an email regarding that.
Do I know you Chad?
I'm sorry. Refresh my memory
I did not get an email.
Not that I know of. When did u send it?
Which Chad is this?
Did you send it to
No, which email
I did, however I am unable to relocate. Thank you though.
Valerie hasn't had this number in years sorry
Wrong number
U got the wrong number
Very much so
Yes
Hi Crissy, so I noticed in the Happie site, it says Harrison at the top, however, further down it says Hoboken. Which location are you looking to fill for the Director position? Also, I'm sure this is a question that could be answered during an interview, but what are the working hours? If you prefer discussing via email, let me know. Thank you.
Correct
What email address? Happie? Recruiting outfit?
Hi Krystal. Sorry for the late response. Fridays are my busiest day of the week. If you would still like to chat, let me know what time works for you early next week!
Hey Krystal! Happy Friday. Sorry for the delay, didn't leave the office til about 7 today. Thank you for reaching out, however I'm not interested in this opportunity as I'm extremely happy with Paychex. Thank you, and enjoy your weekend!
Hi Vicki. I don't recall receiving any of your emails. You can resend to gdepaco@gmail.com Thank you. Gregory
And no I did not get your email
I can chat
Dont remeber receiving the information referenced. Currenrly out of town and will call Monday morning to the number provided.
Thank you, I'm currently in private practice and its keeping me busy. Thanks for the opportunity, Kristy
I'm not interested in being a recruiter. Good luck to you.
I never received an email. Can you send it to daniel.trabish@gmail.com? Thanks
@kingbabystudio: Fan Friday!!! Looking stylish in #KingBaby https://t.co/YuLLNYXRUz #KingBabyJewelry #KingBabybrand #jewelry #mensjewelry...
I appreciate the text, however I am not interested at this time. Thank you very much for taking the time to contact me.
No sorry, found a new position
Hello! Thank you again for reaching out. I just accepted an offer at another company, so am no longer in the job market. Have a wonderful weekend!
Hi Amanda, could you let me know if we are still connecting today? Thank you!
Thank you! I would appreciate the opportunity if they are flexible. I won't be in town for the next two weeks.
Sorry I was on vacation I suppose we could chat Monday. I'm doing pretty god work at climacell now. If you feel you have a more than compelling offer to present I might consider.
I just googled and see that you are located in phx chandler
No thanks
Thank you for the interest but I am all set for now.
And is this position in Tucson
How did you get my name
Hello I'm sorry who is this?
Preferably later. Just trying to get this wrapped up here now.
Hi Amanda, is Trent able to connect later? Just finding out the cable is not repairable without tearing into the walls so has been a real pain today.
Yes
?
Wrong number
Thanks, Amanda. Questions will be forthcoming, I'm sure, once I get into the trenches.
Happy to speak
Hi Krystal! I'm not sure I received your email. Would you mind resending it?
Yes i am when would be a good time for you?
Who is this?
While is this?
No thank you
I'm sorry? Who and from where?
Hi Krystal. Thanks for reaching out, but my LinkedIn is quite outdated. I stay at home with my toddler now, and I don't have any interest in going to back to work. Good luck with your search!
Today is really a crazy day, how about texting me on Monday to pick a time slot. Thank you!
Yes
Hi Krystal, I did not receive an email. Can you please re send the information to jakehynds@gmail.com.
Hi Krystal. Thank you for reaching out. I am not interested in the above position. Thank you.
Hi Crissy I'm sorry we are playing phone tag. I'm actually in Chicago and just had a break. Can you please give me a call Monday around 10:00 Please and thank you Jeanie
Thank you, Krystal. I am sorry I haven’t responded to your email before now. Can we keep in touch and reconnect in a month or two?
I appreciate you reaching out.
You have the wrong number
Hi Krystal, not sure how you got my number but if this is in regards to employment opportunities, I'm not currently pursuing one. Thank you!
I am not interested in the position. Thank you!
Can you send me the job description
Cwest52921@yahoo.com
Hola
No thank you Krystal I'm not interested in the position. Thank you for your interest
Go away
Thanks again Krystal, I wouldn't ever do a 100% commission position solely because I have a family dependant on my income stability. I left you a voicemail yesterday as well with my current trajectory and aspirations, so I certainly appreciate and welcome anything towards those objectives.
Who is this?
Manager positions only
Hi Krystal. This is Andy. I think you have the wrong number.
What email?
Resorting *
Lol resulting to cold text reach outs eh?
Stop!!!!!!!'n
No idea where you got that email as it is years old. How exactly did you get my information and what is this in regards to?
Ok
Hi Anna , I am not a product designer, thank you for reaching out
I also had my own company as recently as 6 months ago?
I will try to check my mail tonight at a hotel.
No but I'm on vacation now in Canada and am not getting my mail regularly.
Well they're missing out on a talented carpenter, electrician and plumber
My apologies for not being able to update it while on the road. I still do maintenance on the weekends
I am free any time after 330!
Sorry. I'm not sure who this is
Thanks again
Ok,I will
Hi Krystal. My email is connor.h.brim@gmail.com.
honorhh@yahoo.com
Who is this ?
Ok. I'll get to work
My fianc would be happy
Your schedule is also attractive
who is this
I would prefer to know what my pay checks would be. Makes it easier to plan
Seasons
I do better with my current employer, but we have slow seasonal
High 50's would certainly be more reliable
I'm 100% commission at my current job
Ok. Still interested.
65/70
Hi Crissy.....I'm. Licensed Master Social Worker and I'm not interested in a sales position. Thank you though, for reaching out to me.
I did have luck finding it. Just need to add my current employer
Ok,thanks so much.
Thanks but 35 years of successful sales I have retired and live in AZ
I did, but I'm extremely happy with the current position I'm holding.
I did, but I'm extremely happy with the current position I'm holding.
Do you have Scott's number?
Ok.
What's up
Ok
Please keep me in mind for future
Thank you Crissy I am not interested at this time
Thank you for showing interest Vicki, however, I am not a substance abuse counselor. Hope you find a good fit.
No thank you.
Not interested unless salary is over $160,000 with a 5 year employment contract.
I am in a meeting for the rest of the day. I may be able to talk Monday afternoon.
Who is this?
Ok will check it out.
Yes, thank you for thinking of me, but I'm really not interested. Thanks!
I was very excited to meet with Jeff and Cindy. This seemed like a potential match for us both. As I mentioned previously it's a major inconvenience to not only me but my wife who has to change her work schedule to pick up our daughter on short notice. I am no longer interested in meeting with tracsystems as they have now cancelled on me twice in a week. Good luck to you Amanda
I'm not a recruiter, not interested
Please do NOT contact me. Thanks.
What company? How did you receive my info?
Did not get the email
Who is this?
No I did not. Where did you send it? Who is this?
Ok will do!
Hey Crissy! No not yet but I will make sure to check it out today.
You have a wrong number ..
Hi Amanda, I am not on Monday but am right now
Stop all contact w me.
By the way, awesome last name lol
I dont think so, who is this?
Who is this??
?
OksOK that sounds good I am what happened is at 10 so I mean is it just gonna be rescheduled direct
Who is this please
Thank you
Ok. Thank you for letting me know.
Sure!
Hi Amanda, I'll be available at 2:30 pm today. Would that work for you?
Hello Crissy Thank you for contacting me. At the moment I am not interested, if the situation change I will contact you. Thank you for the opportunity. Have a good day.
When did you send the note
Crissy- yes I did receive your email and I apologize for not getting back to you. Unfortunately at this time this is not something that I wish to pursue, I appreciate you thinking of me though. Hunter
I am stepping into a meeting. Who is this please. Thanks
Who is this?
I did not get an email. Now is not a good time to talk. Would you try email again - pclakin@msn.com
I would love to chat but I think you got the wrong number
Thanks for contacting me and for the compliment! I love where I am and what I am doing. So, no need to waste your time. Thanks again!
No, I did not receive your email.
Sorry wrong contact
Unfortunately not. I have done servicing rather than origination.
I'm not interested in changing Jobs. Thanks
In a meeting. Call you later?
Who is this
Who is this?
Can you call me at 1 EST?
What email and where did you send it? Who is this?
Hello. Would it be possible to discuss this job opportunity today? Thank you for reaching out to me.
I must have missed it! I can talk!
I must have missed it! I can talk!
I did, I think I responded to it. Appreciate the offer but not a field I'm interested in
Who is this?
Hi. Who is this?
Who is this?
I did and I'm not interested. I'm very happy with my current situation.
Who is this ?
This is Dwight
Who is this?
I did not receive an email. I apologize, but I do not know who this is.
Thank you!
Hi there - I apologize, i purchased a new phone in the last 3-4 mos and I don't have a name with this contact in my phone. Could you pls forward the email to brooke feld@yahoo.com. I have not received anything recently.
Who is this??
Yes Sent by my Ram Uconnect
Call me anytime
I'm with a customer
What?
No problem. Thanks for reaching out to me
U have he wrong number I believe
Ok thank you, yes it does
Yep that actually will work better for me as well. Thank you Amanda!
Im so sorry about that
That's the wrong one,this one is best for me
Thank you!
What number is he using
Sent from my iPhone
Happy Friday!!!!
I am under contract until November 2019. Thank you though
I actually have time for a call now. I'm driving to our cabin.
Thank you. I am currently in private practice and pleased with my current status. Lavon
Yo no soy Alan le pediria q por favor no moleste mas gracias
Thanks for connecting 🙂 have a fabulous Friday! 🙌🍀🎉
Hi Anna, Thanks for reaching out! I'm currently contracting with a local digital agency here in Portland and am happy with where I'm at. Thanks, Tiffany
Now
Not interested
My family is here :)
Got it. I'm in ny and I'm not considering relocation now
Good morning. Thanks for contacting me. No, I did not receive your email. I don't have an insurance license.
I have a 2-15 & no bilingual
Oh, I see. What's the location for the position? Is it Boston?
Sorry, wrong #
Can I work from home?
Hi Anna, not sure if I've applied for this position. How did you find my info?
& what kind of insurance does HolaDoctor sell?
Hi wrong number!
Also, How did you get my phone number?
Hi Anna, I am starting a new contract on Monday. Thanks, best of luck!
Hi, I'm not interested. Thanks.
hey, i picked up a contract that started this week, so i'm off the market for now.
June I mean
Hey Anna. Thanks for reaching out. Is this the fantasy football company?
Hi, I would like to talk, but I have a contract for 2 more years ending in 2020 of April.
Hi Amanda, what agency is this position with? I don't recall seeing the information. Thank you. Lavon
?
Unlike dogs, cats do not have a sweet tooth. Scientists believe this is due to a mutation in a key taste receptor.
Reply STOP to unsubscribe from cat facts.
Thank you for subscribing to daily cat facts. A new cat fact on the hour, every hour!
Thank you, but I don't live in Florida.
Stop
Not at this time. Thanks and have a great weekend!
No I've not received any emails. What is the name of the company?
I live in Georgia
Hi this is Millie your text went to my daughters number
Hi Amanda, I just had the call with Trent and it was a very nice conversation. They are interviewing more people so will let you/me know. Have a very nice weekend!
Sounds good. Thank you very much
Ok awesome
No problem
Hopkinton ma but actually moving to southern ma soon
Hi Amanda. I sent you my resume yesterday. Did you receive my email? Thx Donna Also when is the best time to connect to set up the video interview? Thx
I'm retired
No
I have a full time private practice. I don't believe I would be a good fit. Thank you!
Yes sounds good! Thank you
Hello. Sorry for the delay. I did receive your email. My resume is need of some major updating and am not currently looking for lead generation opportunities
Who is this?
Thanks I hadn't opened my email yet but just saw this text. Thanks for reaching out to me, however, that was my previous employer that I left in March to move to Show Low AZ so at this time I am not interested. Thanks again!
U
What? Who are you?
Don't know her and I have had this number for years. Maybe you text wrong number!
Who am I speaking with in this text?
I currently live in Kansas, but thank you
Hi Chad, when you get a chance would you send me the address to Chargeback? Thank you
Stop! Not George.
I'm confused what you are asking? What BHC role?
I think l can make that work
No Not interested I'm in private practice
Amanda, I just got a very sad news about my grand mother. I will not be able to make the interview today. My apologies.
Paul, denied for a loan? MO lenders offer up to $1,000 at Lend52.co/go/?v1=7baX5Qtb Funds for any need. Txt STOP to stop
Can we do Tuesday morning? Earlier the better
Hi Amanda-is there any way he can do Friday morning? If not please let me know and I will try and work something out
I did not
I never received an email from you or anyone regarding any position with Happie. How did you get my information?
No
No I didn't
Like it
Hi Krystal, it's Amanda with HRIZONS. Just curious on how you came across my number? Would you mind sharing?
RE: Voicemail to Mr. (619-564-5978) - Thank you for calling. I will be back in touch.
RE: Call to Mr. (619-623-9393) - Thank you for calling. I will be back in touch.
Hi I didn't know there was an opening. I am very interested.
Hey Vicki. Thank you for reaching out and yes, I did receive the emails. At this time, I'm not interested but thank you again. Best of luck though.
? Wrong person maybe.
Thank you for thinking of me! I really love my private practice right now but I appreciate you thinking of me!
And flattered by the offer.
Wrong person
I'm really happy with my job currently. I am however curious how you retained my info.
Who is this and what is a brickhouse?
Just checked out your web site. I live mere minutes from Brick House. I have a question r/t billing. Its stated BH is private pay yet there are a list of insurance companies. Can you help me to understand differences. I'd like to understand r/t being able to make informed referrals. thxs
Yes I will be.
Vicki, nice to be considered for job but the truth is I would not be s good fit. Other than one college class r/t Addiction and a few SA CEU classes, I've only a general kind of education and not the accreditation to be a drug counselor let alone a treatment supervisor. As an LCSW most of the clients I see have CPTSD and general kind of issues. However, I had no idea there was a treatment center Meridian which is very good to know. I would love to see more info and to be able to make referrals. Thanks for contacting me and I wish Brick House Treatment Center much success in this significant yet underserved population. Sincerely, Honor Harris, LCSW
Thanks for sending. After reviewing I feel I lack the graphic design skills as I have a good understanding but not an expert. Please keep me in mind for any marketing or communications leadership roles
I am free now
I'm sorry who is this?
Thanks, Chrissy. Appreciate the call and for reaching out but I am not interested at this time. Good luck in your search.
@kingbabystudio: Only the Chosen Few can rock pieces like this. #KingBaby #HandCrafted #ForTheChosenFew #Skulls #Rings #SupportHandMade #HandMade #Artisan...
So I am curious what the pay range is as well as the hours/days and if there is on call/pager type of work.
Hello Amanda, I am out of town camping. Can I call you on Monday the 13th?
Hi Laura, I'm sorry I missed your message somehow. I was on a trip at the time and somehow the message got opened before I actually saw it. I read your emails, is this something you're still looking for?
What email address did you use? I never got it
Sorry definitely drawing a blank.
Try this one +15204299788
Thank you!
No never
Hi Vicki! I actually just e-mailed you back about the position. If you're free to talk tonight or tomorrow I'll be happy to chat with you and see if this would be a good fit for both of us! Thank you!
Ok! Can we schedule a call for tomorrow?
Yes....well thats my maiden name. Who is this?
allen@arcscripting.com
Tomorrow at noon?
Thank you!! :)
Yes that sounds good
Interesting. My cell phone number isn't on my LinkedIn profile so I'm curious how you got the number?
Negative
I am currently working several positions and not looking for something else. Can I ask how you got my information?
Sure my email is staymuree@yahoo.com
Yes
I would first of all like to know who you are and what your objective is. Thank you.
Can you send that formal description over email as well?
Hey Vicki, yes I did get it. Looks like a great fit. Is it a commission only role?
Hi Vicki! Thank you for the follow-up. I am currently looking to stay in the Digital Media industry. I can pass the opening along to peers if you don't mind.
Yes. This sounds great.
Wrong number
Just sent it over
Hi Krystal, thanks for reaching out but I don't think the role is a good fit for me
Sorry, what is it regarding?
:)
I've sent the email.
Ah weird. Where did you get that address?
Oh wow. That was fast lol. I cannot come in tomorrow but I can come in any day next week!
Thank you!
That would work great! Can you send over a calendar and invite and let me know what I should have prepared for him?
Where did you send the email?
No thank you.
I'd be willing take a look at the link, yes.
I can talk now
$60000 and 4 weeks is as low as I would have gone but thanks anyways
Thanks Amanda!
That's great! You can email me at any.braso@gmail.com
Pardon my confusion but sounds like you're referring to something I'm not aware of. Maybe I missed a previous communication? Would be happy to here more. And who am I speaking with?
Oh this is Honor Harris. Am meeting with clients today.
No thank you Krystal. I'm happy at Google. Thank you!
No thank you
I'm not looking at making a change
Hey Krystal. You are persistent. Honestly, I'm not looking to get back in the recruitment space. Which is what this sounds like. You can call me if you want, I just to be upfront
Probably not worth my time and effort without a base
I'm sorry, who is this?
ok no problem
Give me a call
I do maintenance at a apartment complex so what's the pay ? Because the place I'm going tomorrow is offering $19hr I need $22-$25
Probably not worth my time and effort without a base
Hi Amanda! What about 9.30/10am? It will be a pleasure to talk to them
Thank you for thinking of me and reaching out but I'm happy w my current employer.
This is him left you a message
Sure send it over!
Oh funny. I didn't even realize my LinkedIn had that email. I have to change that!
Hi Krystal, I can give you a call towards the end of the work day today if you'd like. I'm not really entertaining an AE transition at this time though, so I certainly don't want to waste your time.
This is probably something I'm not interested in making a move for. I appreciate the reach out
May I ask how you came across my number?
Completely new to me. Could you have wrong person somehow?
Sorry I don't have a name On this number
Brick house as in NNU??
Sounds like your role does not have a base salary - correct?
Yes... just been slammed. Got back from an out of state client visit yesterday
Mjsiegel2012@gmail is best email for me
Hi Vicki I don't think I have received Anything from you. Did you send through LinkedIn?
Thank you, but no. I have a very successful private practice and am set on staying in this locale. Best of luck to you.
I guess my first question is where is the job located?
And what email address would it have come from?
Which did you send it to, so I can check my Spam.
Hi there, could you remind me more about this? I can't find anything in my email about Brickhouse.
Hi Vicki, I didn't! Did you send them to my gmail and when? I just looked in there.
I am sorry. I don't have this number listed. Who is this?
Hi Krystal thanks for reaching out; I'm not looking for account executive roles.
Hey Vicki. I didn't see the email come through. My email is dbhall44@gmail.com
That would be great, thank you
Coreypaulotten@gmail.com
Hi Vicki. I don't believe I have
Have time next week?
Hey Krystal. I'm out on vacation this week in Delaware.
New Jersey is a bit of a commute for me right now. Thank you for keeping me in mind
Krystal, thank you for reaching out. I never received an email from you about an account executive opportunity. Which email did you send it to?
I didn't receive any emails.
I didn't see an email, my brooksjames022@yahoo.com has been getting a lot of spam lately, try sending it to cbrooks022@gmail.com but I should be able to take a call around 3:30 today otherwise I'm wide open tomorrow
Hi Vicki. I just double checked and don't see anything in my email. My email address is t.guenther07@yahoo.com Thank you
I do at 12 pst. I didn't receive an email that I can find. Can you resend the information?
Email is ecopsych@gmail.com Couldn't find any previous email from you.
I'm sorry what is this regarding?
I'm sorry, but I don't have an e-mail from you. Please delete my number, thank you.
Hi i didnt get an email
Hi Krystal. Thanks for reaching out. I noticed it's full commission, is that true?
Hi Krystal, thanks for reachcing out. I'm not currently looking to make a career change. Thanks though!
Hi Vicki. I did and thank you for reaching out. I did a little bit of research and don't feel this is the right fit for me at this time. Thanks for thinking of me!
contracted role?
Sure. Can I get your name also? Not sure who I'm texting. I'm full time in private practice so not sure how could offer clinical supervision- could this be a
Unfortunately I live in Utah now and I am not looking to return to Idaho now. Thank you for reaching out to me though.
No thanks, I'm not interested but good luck on your search!
Wrong number
Did you receive my last email? I know someone who may be interested but I am not interested myself
No thanks
Hi Krystal, can you tell me more about the job? I checked out the website but it was a little vague.
Hi Krystal, my name is Dara. This was Acacia's work phone when she worked for EPI and I am now in her position. I have another phone number for her if you'd like but not sure if it's current.
I apologize can you remind me about this inquiry, was it via LinkedIn or an email to me?
Sorry no can do. I just accepted an internal promotion within Staples and am not looking to make any changes at this time if anything changes I'll let you Know but for now I need to politely decline
Hi Vicki, I have not. Which email are you sending them to? My best one is alex@lowry.xyz
Hello Krystal! I cannot seem to find and email from you. Could you tell me where you contacted me from?
Hi, sorry I’m not sure what emails you are referring to.
Hi Krystal, I do not have an email and do not recall applying for a position for an account executive opportunity with a company called Happie.
I am in a demo until 4:00 pm. I can be free after. What is tour number?
Not interested. Thanks
Hi. I just started the lending process on a new house I'm building and cannot risk my income going down at this time. Thank you and good luck with your search.
Ok
No thank you things are going really well at Wordstream
Your persistent. Lol. I can give you ten minutes bt im not really looking right now
I apologize! What company are you with again?
Hey Krystal I am not sure I got the email where was is sent to? I am booked all afternoon unfortunately
Hi Vicki! What email was it sent to?
Did you get my email? I just accepted another opportunity. Best of luck in your search though! :)
I will call you in about 10 minutes
Who is this?
Wrong number
Who is this sorry
You can call me
Hi, how did you get this number?
I'm sorry Krystal what email?
Didn't apply
Hi Krystal. Just curious...how did you get my cell phone number?
Hi Krystal, I'm sorry but what are you referring to?
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number. If you are trying to reach Katie Jo Powell, I'd be more than happy to pass along her contact information.
Sure
Hi Krystal, I don't think I received your email or may have overlooked it by accident, but yes I'm available today after 1:30pm ! You can call me directly on this number
This is an invalid number. Messages to this number are not delivered, even if you do not receive this notice.
Hi Krystal. I'm afraid I'm not sure which email you're talking about. Do you have the wrong Melissa?
Acosta?
Hi. Please refresh my memory.
I am not familiar with what you are talking about.
Thank you
Not interested in 100% commission as most SaaS orgs that have been reaching out are 50-70 base. Thanks for reaching out!
No, I need both
Sure, send details to safavi.k@gmail.com
Saxguy82@yahoo.com
Ok. Where?
Wrong number. Is it for a social worker?
Nah - can't do that.
Ok, well, thank you. I believe that I have on there I am not looking for any other position. If it isn't, I will change it. Again, thanks, but I'm not interested in a change.
Yes I did but I can’t do commission only
I haven't used aol email in well over a decade
Understood. But I'm now retired. Thx for thinking of me.
Hi Vicki, I just saw them as I'm not in my Gmail much. Thanks for thinking of me. It's not a good fit for me at this time, but I do know of somebody who is looking.
Hi Vicki, thanks for reaching out. No, I have not. Please send to picknyk@yahoo.com
Aw man! Well I never saw the emails so I apologize. At this time I am good with where I am it but thanks for reaching out!
Not interested. Thank you.
Working at no base would not be something I would be comfortable with.
Sorry Laura I am in Alaska on a two week backpack trip. Just have very limited service. I can reach you when i get back
Hi Vicki, Received and appreciate the consideration. I'm interested in learning more. Is there a time that would be ideal to speak further? All the best, Ty
I have not, what email?
You must have the wrong number. I'm not the person who applied for this position.
I don't believe so
Who is this? How did you get my number? And what do you want?
Yes I did. What is the total compensation? Honestly I'm not interested unless it's 150,000+
Hi Vicki! So I went through my emails and inmails and don't see anything from you. So it's one of a few things happened. 1-I entered the wrong email somewhere on the internet where you found me. 2- you accidentally entered the wrong email 3- I am praying this is the case and you are using this communication as a way to get my attention because if this is the one you are a genius!!!
I did not see any email
No??
Hi Vicki. Sorry I didn't receive any emails.
Nope
I did, but have not yet been able to give it the proper attention.
Thanks. Please remind me who this is. I don't have you in my phone yet.
Sorry wrong number
No, thank you.
I don't recognize this number. Who is this?
Sorry... Who is this? I don't have your number saved, apparently.
I'd like to know more about the position I've looked at the website looks like they're doing a holistic program. So send me more info
Hey Amanda, yes I did. Thank you for considering me. The position sounds great but I'm honestly not interested in working with a startup company. Just a personal preference. I appreciate you for taking the time to reach out. Good luck on your search
Sorry, who is this
??
Hi Vicki, you can send the position info to kristimartin2@yahoo.com Thanks
Hi Vicki how did you get my contact information?
Thank you. This is my wife's phone however she passed away two years ago. I'm still trying to remove all her information from the various sites.
Hello, I apologize, I do not have this number saved. May I ask who this is?
Please do not contact me.
Hey. Thanks for reaching out. I don't think the role sounds like a good fit for me at this time. Thanks.
Wrong number. Sorry
I don't believe I did, but I am not currently looking for new employment opportunities right now. Thank you for considering me.
I don't recall talking to you about it. Please give me more information
Who is this?
No thanks I do not have experience with chemical dependency
Thank you Vicki! But I'm not currently looking for work. Maybe in a few years.
Hello, I was unaware of the opening. Send me your information and I can give you my email to forward the info
No present interest in a new job but thank you
Hi, I'm enjoying working parttime right now. Thank you for thinking of me.
Hi! Who is this?
Call my office line at 208-455-7077.
How do I get more information on the requirements and duties, hours etc?
What do you mean by internet data providers?
My number isn't on LinkedIn from what I can see. Did it somehow appear for you?
I'm sorry I'm not qualified for the position. I won't have my masters in counseling until next August.
May I ask how you received my contact information? And is there a job posting I can reference? Thank you!
You might be looking for my dad? I'm in technology
Is there a job description I can pass to her
I have a conference call at that time and client at 2. I would not be available until 3 my time.
Thank you!
I live in Portland so I am not interested. But thank you fir reaching out😊
No problem.
Ok,I understand
Oh okay, thank you for reaching out. I am not available to engage with that position at this time.
I'm ok.
Can I ask how you got my information? 😁
I would like to learn more about it. When would be a good time to talk?
I'm sorry but I am not familiar with the treatment supervisor job with Brickhouse?
Oh ok sorry, wasn't recalling if it was something I'd applied for
Thank you for thinking of me. However, I have recently moved out of state.
Thank you for thinking of me, but I'm happy where I'm at. Much success to you...
Can you tell me a bit more about the position?
I wasn't aware of the position. What is the position?
After 1 I am available
Oh awesome. Can you send me more information? My email is jillmay5079@msn.com
I apologize, may I ask who this is?
Thank you, but I'm good right now. Good luck!
Wrong number thanks
Hello! I would love to supervise the treatment of brick houses 🏠
Is this a Boise position
Yes, keelyeadams@gmail.com
I would like to talk more about it...
This is Anilas husband phone And I called Anile And asked her if she ever applied for such a position. She told me she had not. So who is this
Hi! I apologize for not responding sooner- the email went into my spam folder until yesterday. I'm not currently interested in leaving my current position. But thank you for thinking of me!
Are you asking if I'd like a job?
Hello, I apologize for not returning your email earlier. Brickhouse sounds really wonderful. However, I really love my current position and so would not be interested. Thank you for thinking of me and my best to you in your search.
Where is the job located
I am interested in more information
I apologize for not getting back to you. I'm actually looking for jobs that take me out of having to do therapy at this time. I appreciate the reach out!
You have a wrong number.
What is Brickhouse?
So sorry...first I am hearing about this. Who is this?
Sorry, dont know what you are talking about.
Who is this
No
Hi! With whom am I speaking?
Who is this? Sorry I don't recognize the number
No. Please cross me off the list and stop asking. Thank you.
I'm sorry, I don't know who this is. 😊
not at this time but thankyou
Ummm not sure what this is...sorry please inform me
Did I apply for this? I've sent a couple emails from you as well and I'm just wondering how you received my information
No I didn't and where are you calling again
Thanks! I'm only searching for positions in Manhattan but I do appreciate that you've reached out.
How did you get my phone number?
Thanks-you as well.
I do PR
Will do, thanks
I did not
Hi Crissy, I hadn't until I saw your text and then looked through my emails and found it. I'm on the road today but can look through it more closely tonight and if possible maybe connect with you tomorrow? Thank you for considering me and forwarding me the information.
Vicki A?
Hi Chrissy-I got your voicemail and unfortunately, I am not interested in a commission based sales position at this time.
No
Sounds good, should be about an hour if all goes well.
Hi, I think you have the wrong number. Who are you trying to reach?
No
Huh?
I think you have the wrong number
Who is this
I have not.
Hey...
I did Can the job opportunity match my current pay, I make close to six figures
Ahhh no.
Not the right fit
Ok I will
Hey Vicki! I don't think I received your email. Would love to learn more about the opportunity.
Hi I think you have the wrong number sorry
Hi, I'm not sure
Yes that would work fine! Thanks
Hi Vicky, yes I did see it but I'm not sure financial services is an industry I want to go into
I see, I am not interested in a position like this as I primarily work in B2C markets developing mass targeting campaigns. Thank you for considering me for the role.
Ok
I don't see anything in my inbox, however if this is a sales related position I am not interested.
Hi Vicki, I haven't received your emails about the opportunity.
I did have a good talk with them Monday. Next step is to decide how much time I would need to spend in Fresno. I'm super hopeful it will work out.
Hey just saw them. But where did you find my resume and number? I don't remember posting it anywhere. Just wondering
Our numbers are too similar!
That's my daughter! Haley Reynolds 973-303-5619
